Dungeons and Dragons Character Sheet
You and your friends have decided to start a new D&D campaign, "Sleigh the Vampire Lord, Santus". You decided that instead of writing out your characters' stats and story on a piece of paper, it would be easier and more fun to code a super intelligent AI and teach it to become your character. Here's what you need to do in order to create the D&D Character Program.

Prompt the user to enter in their character's first name initial and save it to a variable
Prompt the user to enter in their character's middle initial and save it to a variable
Prompt the user to enter in their character's last name and save it to a variable
Prompt the user to enter in their character's health points and save it to a variable
Level one character HPs range between [10, 25]
More "tanky" characters will have more HP
Prompt the user to enter in their character's armor rating and save it to a variable
Level one character armor ratings range between [20, 40]
More "tanky" characters will have more HP
Prompt the user to enter in their character's class and save it to a variable
You can be anything you want, just make sure your stats reflect your class
For example, a monk, warrior, bard, or snake oil salesman
Prompt the user to enter in their character's spell slots and save it to a variable
The amount of spell slots depends on your class
Magic people will have up to 6 spell slots
Weapon using people will have up to 3 spell slots
Prompt the user to enter in their character's preferred weapon type and save it to a variable
Prompt the user to enter in their character's special, signature attack or spell save it to a variable
Prompt the user to enter in their character's origin and save it to a variable
For example, my character hails from the abyssal depths of Michigan lake
Finally, we must ask the question that everybody eventually asks themselves: is your character undead?
Prompt the user to enter in their character's undead status and save it to a variable
Once you have asked and captured all the above information, have your program print out the information in a neatly formatted paragraph. Have fun describing your characters and don't feel like you need to follow my format. For example:

"I am Sparky O. McNeil and I am a cabbage salesman. I have 13 HP, 21 armor, and 1 spell slot. 
My signature spell is Cabbage Baggage, a touch range spell that fills the target's bag with cabbage. 
My preferred weapon is my mind. My hometown is in a dimension much different than this one called Veggie Tales. 
Am I undead? True. "